---
date: 2024-10-03
title: "Week 5: Tiers for Fears!"
---

Hello everyone and welcome back to your (soon to be) favorite segment: Tiers for Fears! We have had four games so far offering 5 possible records, which break down easily into our tiers as follows:

**Garbage Tier (0-4)**

Catch-Kupp and Mostert are truly in a league of their own (derogatory) as the only team to have an 0-4 record. Brian “Dad” Cook also has the distinction of twice being crowned “worst manager” by Sleeper for leaving the most points on the bench of any team. Which is especially impressive considering that he has somehow not even had a full bench at any point this season. As the very first champion of this league, one has to marvel at how far Dad has fallen as a manager, despite the fact that he is often watching football. However, we cannot rule out the possibility that he does not know how to use the app.

**Low Tier (1-3)**

Of the teams with the 1-3 record, Jefferson Airplane is a clear loser, with only 4 more Points For (PF) than Catch-Kupp and Mostert. Aram got lucky with a win in Week 4 against fellow 1-3er Amon a Roll, but he has yet to repeat his greatest accomplishment from Week 1: filling his starting roster with players that are actually playing.

Amon a Roll had his only win in Week 3 and it was a big one, as he was the week’s points leader. But Jeet raised eyebrows in the draft after being the last team to grab his 2nd quarterback – a gutsy move in a superflex league. Furthermore, the quarterback he chose was the struggling Russell Wilson, who has yet to play this season. Jeet quickly made up for this mistake by dropping him for Sam Darnold after Week 1, but will this be enough to recover from a disastrous draft decision?

Also in the low tier is Moral Saquondary, a team co-managed by Harper and Mom. Saquondary had an interesting start to the season after they were the only team to exclusively rely on the autodraft, and then immediately won the week with the league’s most PF in week 1. This may be a testament to the quality of Sleeper’s rankings and the fact that we drafted only one day before the start of the season, but Harper and Mom’s laid back management style has seen them in a steady decline ever since. 

Jorkin My Penix suffered a tragedy in Week 1 when Christian McCaffrey’s last minute benching left Lawton unable to find a suitable replacement in time. Since then, he has continued performing poorly, and currently has the third fewest PF in the league. His only win was in Week 4 against the even more abysmal Catch-Kupp and Mostert – not really much to boast about.

**Mid Tier (2-2)**

Three teams sit in the middle of the pack, within less than 10 points of one another. The top of the middle is the Kansas City Queefs, who started off with two strong weeks before losing to two better teams. Baker Mayfield has been a bright spot as the overall 3rd highest scoring QB so far–an absolute bargain considering Anisha was able to draft him in the 9th round. However, the team is not without weaknesses – one has to wonder why she continues to start Keenan Allen despite the fact that his injury has had him alternatively playing very little or not at all.

Just a few points below is Pukachu Gotta Catch m All, who suffered early with the loss of Puka Nacua. However, Emily was able to come back strong in Week 2 by swapping him out for Jameson Williams. In Week 3, she put up a strong performance but unluckily lost to Amon a Roll during his aforementioned moment of brilliance. Then in Week 4, she was the overall points leader with a big win against I’m Just Joshin’ Ya. Though Puka himself is certainly missed, Emily has a weapon in the form of Derrick Henry, the overall RB2, and this team will certainly be one to watch out for this season.

Rounding out the mid tier is Hawk Tua, who left an unfortunate amount of points on the bench in Week 1. Dani then dropped Caleb Williams right before he got good and pivoted to Daniel Jones – though he ended up giving a similar performance and netting Dani her first win in Week 3. Hawk Tua is now on a 2-game winning streak, and only narrowly missed being the points leader in Week 4. This is another team that could easily climb to a higher tier in the coming weeks.

**Top Tier (3-1)**

In the top tier are two historically terrible teams, Pearsallverence and Im Just Joshin Ya. Im Just Joshin Ya has a low number of PF, but has managed to eek out three wins, only finally losing to Pukachu in Week 4. The team, which is co-managed by Maya and Jackson, has benefitted from strong performances by Josh Allen and Kyren Williams, the latter of which was an incredibly lucky pick given the disaster that befell the Rams offense. So far, Maya and Jackson have been attentive and have been playing the waiver wire, which may give some credence to their declaration that their improved synergy from physical colocation this year would lead to increased value for shareholders.

Pearsallverence’s managers, Rowan and Devan, have also been making moves (though one of those managers is far more likely to be the doing the work than the other. In fact – Devan, if you actually read this, prove it to me by texting me the name of the first song in our Spotify blend). Pearsallverence is the third best team in the league in terms of PF, thanks to Chris Godwin and Josh Conner. They also had the foresight to pick up Jordan Mason, McCaffrey’s replacement, before McCaffrey was even declared out. If this team can keep up the hard work, they certainly have a shot at the championship this year – their best finish by far in the history of this league.

**God Tier (4-0)**

Only two teams still carry a perfect record this season. In the number 2 spot is Lamarvelous Mrs. Taysel, who has coasted to 4 victories on the backs of Lamar Jackson (QB2) and Alvin Kamara (RB1). Tori was the only manager this year to spend her first two draft picks on quarterbacks, a strategy that has often proved fruitful for members of this league. However, she has also had a relatively easy schedule so far, and will face her first real challenge this week against Pearsallverence.

firkSER NIX-A-LOT has: The number one QB (Jayden Daniels) and the number 9 (Jalen Hurts), the number one wide receiver (Nico Collins), and two players that have been taking it in turns to pop off (De’Von Achane and Rashee Rice). Steffan won the league for the last two years and seems to be locked in this year to chase the threepeat. As usual, he has made lots of waiver claims and free agent moves, and anyone looking to claim the crown this year will have to find a way to outsmart him. But like Lamarvelous, Steffan will also face a tougher opponent than usual this week in Im Just Joshin Ya.
